Review Managing Configurations by using Ansible for CQA (#4818)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_enabling-the-ansible-plugin.adoc

Reviewer: In the preview I see this is rendered at https://theforeman-foreman-documentation-preview-pr-4818.surge.sh/nightly/Managing_Configurations_Ansible/index-katello.html#enabling-the-ansible-plugin and then after we also have [Configuring your Foreman to run Ansible roles](https://theforeman-foreman-documentation-preview-pr-4818.surge.sh/nightly/Managing_Configurations_Ansible/index-katello.html#configuring-your-foreman-to-run-ansible-roles). They have a lot of overlap and I wonder if they should be merged into a single chapter.

Author: I kept these as separate modules on purpose because the fact that the plugin is enabled only on non-Satellite builds makes them trickier to merge into one. Additionally, the procedures are performed in different locations: `proc_enabling-the-ansible-plugin.adoc` only on the server, `proc_configuring-your-project-to-run-ansible-roles.adoc` on the server and proxies.

Reviewer: I lean to breaking up chapter 2.2:

* Step 1 in the procedure (adding roles) is IMHO more step 3.0 (before 3.1. Importing Ansible roles) and something you do repeatedly as you update your roles. Or arguably, it is part of step 3.1 as something that you do before importing. That step already says it is a prerequisite anyway.
* Step 2 is effectively the installation step for Smart Proxy servers where chapter 2.1 is the installation step on Foreman servers. Perhaps merge those into 1?
* Step 3 is effectively chapter 4.0: installing the keys is a prerequisite to applying definitions to hosts.

Author: Applied. The original procedure is gone and I spread it over the other modules, as steps or prerequisites.

Reviewer: Reviewer note: The content of this file matches what I'd expect. For completeness I've written the expectations below with references so I don't need to look them up again in the future.

Both [foreman-answers.yaml](https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-installer/blob/develop/config/foreman-answers.yaml) and [katello-answers.yaml](https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-installer/blob/develop/config/katello-answers.yaml) both contain `foreman::plugin::ansible: false` and `foreman_proxy::plugin::ansible: false` so the step to enable them is needed using `foreman-installer --enable-foreman-plugin-ansible --enable-foreman-proxy-plugin-ansible`.

`satellite-answers.yaml` has both values to true so they're enabled out of the box. This is also enforced via RPM package dependencies so the user has no choice. The step is not needed.

Then for proxies there is no `foreman-proxy` scenario, but [foreman-proxy-content.yaml](https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-installer/blob/develop/config/foreman-proxy-content-answers.yaml) does exist and so does `capsule-answers.yaml`. Both have `foreman_proxy::plugin::ansible: false` so if the user wants to use the functionality it must be enabled with `foreman-installer` --enable-foreman-proxy-plugin-ansible`.

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="enabling-the-ansible-plugin"]
= Enabling the Ansible plugin

[role="_abstract"]

> Enable the Ansible plugin on your {ProjectServer} to configure the server for Ansible configuration management.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enable the Ansible plugin on your {ProjectServer} to configure hosts by using Ansible roles through {Project}.
```

What do you think? My main issue is with "server" which I think we should avoid.

Author: Except that this particular procedure really is performed on the server. The end goal is configuring hosts, sure, but at this point, users are still pretty far from that end goal.

Would this be better, to avoid the generic term "server"?

```suggestion
Enable the Ansible plugin to configure your {ProjectServer} for Ansible configuration management.
```
